    1. response to marcus on dev impact
        1. the overall blog post was a little defensive. 
        2. i think the studies that they do now are very important
        3. the problem is that these studies are often sold as DFEs
            1. they are not.
            2. david’s post defending the length of time RCTs take was good, but he is being a little glib. he asks “do RCTs take for X?” but never really asks the really key question from the DFE perspective — do they take too long for action to be taken on them? 
            3. here the answer is clearly no (back this up with data from a random sample of RCTs picked from 3ie)
            4. in my previous position, i had to deal with the aftermath of this when managers in an org got frustrated
        4. that’s not to say that these evaluations aren’t good — I think marcus and other researchers are doing great work.  
        5. some obvious implications of the distinction
            1. when doing a DFE, we should…
                1. allow managers to drive the agenda for what is tested.  
                2. make sure that results will come in time for use
                3. be more flexible in our methods (e.g. perhaps use a Bayesian approach incorporating policymakers’ priors, be more willing to use surrogate end points)
                4. make sure the budget is in line with expected benefits 
            2. when doing KFEs we should…
                1. come up with an agenda of the most important stuff to test.  i don’t know how evals at the WB are initiated but it seems like they do a good job of this now.  USAID does a poor job of it.  
                2. strip interventions to barest essentials and run multiple evals at the same time
                    1. evals that swayed public opinion had big results in multiple contexts
                    2. attempt to model external validity — economists are reluctant to do this, but it needs to be done
                    3. 
                3. doing this will require changing incentives for running evals.  

